The shares I know are fed up
Master, please
Hello, where is your order office again?
Mr. Wen, the flowers Mr. Lu gave you have arrived today.
You can handle it.
Hey, Mr. Du delivers it every day.
Mr. Wen gathers every day
How beautiful the flowers are!
I envy Mr. Wen
What are you envious of?
Maybe that guy has a bald beer belly
Our CEO is beautiful and capable.
Can't be bought by this flower
Did Xiaoyanhua receive it?
Mr. Lu, if there is nothing else, I will hang up
Wait a minute.
I booked a location at Yunhai Restaurant
I'll pick you up after get off work in the evening.
No time, I have a date tonight
Who is it, man or woman?
It's none of your business.
Lu Jingshen, I'll hang up if you're okay
Xiaoyan
The greenhouse is finally on track
I have to redouble my efforts.
To be worthy of the shareholder's investment
I don't have time to play with you
Wow so handsome
And he's coming towards me.
May I ask how to get to President Wen's office?